2.	Q2. Password Validation

Create a class ‘UserMainCode’  and for the class define a static method for validating the password received as parameter.
public static boolean checkPassword(String password){}.
A valid password should satisfy the following rules.
1.	It should be minimum of 8 characters in length.
2.	It should have at least one lower case letter,one upper case letter,
one digit and one special character
Create a ‘Main’ class and define th ‘main()’ method for input,output
Sample Input 1
Night#321
Output :Valid Password
Sample input 2
night#321
Output : Invalid Password

Q3.
Comparable - Display State

Write a Java program to get the country names and state names from the user seperated by a pipe symbol. Finally display all the countries and their states sorted in ascending order based on their names.

Create a main class "Main.java"
Create country class with below attributes,
•	name - String
•	stateList - List<State> (All state object for this country is stored in this list)
Add appropriate getter and setter methods for Country class
Include a constructor accepting country name as a parameter
Below are the methods in country class
•	addState(String statename) - Add the new state to this country object
•	getStateList() - Sort the state collection and return the list
Create State class with single attribute name
Add appropriate getter and setter methods for State class
Include a constructor with single argument state name
Implement Comparable interface in the State class and implement the method compareTo()

Input and Output Format:
First input corresponds to the number of input elements and followed by country and state information in the format countryname|statename.
Display the state name followed by two hyphen(-)
Refer sample input and output for formatting specifications.

[All text in bold corresponds to input and the rest corresponds to output]
Sample Input/Output :
10
India|Tamilnadu
India|Kerala
India|Odisha
USA|Texas
USA|Mississippi
USA|Alaska
India|Punjab
Australia|Victoria
Australia|Tasmania
Australia|Queensland
Countries and States in ascending order
Australia
--Queensland
--Tasmania
--Victoria
India
--Kerala
--Odisha
--Punjab
--Tamilnadu
USA
--Alaska
--Mississippi
--Texas
